I decided to make Tetriscript because as one of my earliest video gaming memories, Tetris holds close to my heart. It is also an excellent first foray into creating Web application video games due to its simplistic graphics and (relatively) straightforward game logic. I decided to implement Tetris in Javascript (hence the title) because in the Javascript lecture, the language was described as among the most popular in the world and is extremely versatile, covering Web development, Web applications, and universal mobile applications. Unlike LOVE and other video game engines and scripts, Javascript provides a much greater challenge as a general-purpose scripting language not specifically optimized for game development. 

My project consists of four Javascript files, an HTML file, and a CSS file, along with two markdown files. For the Javascript program, constants.js declares and initiates most of the constants used in the program; board.js consists of the Board class with game board logic and related methods; piece.js consists of the Piece class and its related logic; and main.js is the bulk of the program and all of the function declarations. In addition, index.html consists of the Web app's main HTML content, and styles.css styles the page and its elements. 

For the Web app, I used CSS grid and flexbox to organize the layout of the page. The game board itself is a HTML canvas element, and everything that happens on the board is drawn with the canvas' 2D context. The game board is represented by a matrix with each cell being each block where a cell with the value 0 would be empty and vice versa. Drawing and updating each tetromino is accomplished through matrix arithmetic in conjunction with animation, clearing the canvas after each "frame" before updating. Each falling tetromino is able to be moved with arrow keys through EventListeners, with up arrow key being the exception in that it rotates the tetrominoes following the Super Rotation System (a Tetris Guideline standard for how tetrominoes behave). This is accomplished through an algorithm which concerns linear algebra and rotation matrix. 

I then implemented collision detection with methods in the Board class; a timer to keep track of the interval between updating the falling tetromino (and gradually shortening that interval as the game goes on); a randomizer to get a random tetromino type and color when a new piece is spawned; freezing and merging tetrominoes that have either reached the floor or other pieces beneath it into the game board and adding collision detection to the merged pieces; game logic to clear lines when full lines are detected; Game Over logic and graphics; a Next Piece canvas to display the upcoming piece; a level system to gradually increase difficulty by speeding up the rate of fall of the pieces; a point system to keep track of the current player's points, taking into account the way the tetromino is dropped and the current game level; and finally, a high scores system which prompts the user to enter their name to save the high score to the browser's local storage which is then displayed next to the game board canvas. 